Octo AI Bot - Terms of Service
1. Acceptable Use
You may use Octo AI for personal and non-commercial purposes.
You are responsible for the content you provide to the bot and any outputs generated.
You will not use the bot to generate harmful, offensive, or illegal content. This includes, but is not limited to:
Hate speech
Harassment
Threats of violence
Sexually explicit content
Spam
Content that infringes on intellectual property rights
You will not attempt to reverse engineer, decompile, or modify the bot.
You will not use the bot to spam or flood Discord servers.
You will not use the bot to impersonate other users or entities.
You will not use the bot to interfere with or disrupt the operation of Discord servers.
2. User Conduct
Be respectful of other users and Discord communities.
Do not engage in harassment, bullying, or other forms of abusive behavior.
Do not share personal information about yourself or others without their consent.
Do not promote illegal activities or violate Discord's Terms of Service.
3. Content Ownership
You retain ownership of the content you provide to the bot.
Octo AI retains ownership of the bot and its outputs.
You grant Octo AI a non-exclusive license to use your content to improve the bot and its services.
4. Disclaimer of Warranties
Octo AI is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, express or implied.
We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of the bot's outputs.
We are not responsible for any damages resulting from your use of the bot.
5. Limitation of Liability
Octo AI's liability to you is limited to the amount you paid for the bot, if any.
We are not liable for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages.
6. Termination
We may terminate your access to Octo AI at any time for any reason.
You may terminate your use of the bot at any time.

7. Changes to Terms of Service
We may update these Terms of Service from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms of Service on our website.
Your continued use of the bot after the changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.